Updated S41 name per #1448 discussion (#1469)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000041/README.md

---
uid: S000041

> name: Lexicographically ordered unit square $I^2$
> aliases:
>   - Lexicographic ordering on the unit square

Author: ```suggestion
name: Lexicographically ordered unit square $[0,1]^2$
aliases:
  - Lexicographic unit square
  - Lexicographic ordering on the unit square
```
